---
layout: post
title: 'GitJournal test post - third time''s the charm?'
date: 2024-09-17T00:46:13-04:00
tags: [jekyll, meta]
categories: null
---

I am working entirely with the GitJournal GUI for this one, I won't open the raw editor and I'll set the tags with the GUI as well. We'll see if it's well formatted enough that this shows up as a post on the blog. If so, fantastic!

---

edit: it worked! Kind of? The tag format is acceptable to Jekyll so that worked entirely out of box. If I wanted to set a "category" I'd have to do it manually though. Also, Jekyll is clearly deriving a date from the file name but that isn't being put into the front matter by GitJournal for some reason. Because of that, the two posts with the same date are showing up in the wrong order

But, honestly, this is a pretty reasonable setup with low amounts of "techy" interfacing required

---

this post is actually the third test, changing the file name formatting to be proper ISO 8601 with time zone offsets, and seeing if Jekyll can correctly derive times from that without the front matter and order my posts correctly. Fingers crossed!

---

yeah so it isn't pulling the time at all from the file name, just the date. Proper ISO 8601 actually made it not even parse as a file, because it strictly needs `YYYY-MM-DD-title.md` or it doesn't recognize it as a post. So, as long as I'm not posting twice in a day it's seamless, but if I am I'm gonna have to edit the front matter manually to set the date time appropriately
