---
layout: post
title: Gen Con 2025
date: 2025-08-08 11:08:34 -0400
categories: 
tags:
  - gencon
  - board-games
  - travel
---
Alright, I'm finally settling back in after Gen Con and want to take the time to write up my weekend before the finer details escape my memory. I was in for the full weekend this year (my second ever, the first being 2023), flew in Wednesday night and out Sunday evening.

Heading into registration the big goals were to try and get into any of the Cosmere RPG stuff (especially the Mistborn demos), a Lightning Train demo, and Gavin's Unknown. Unfortunately I missed on all of these except Unknown, but day-of someone freed up some tickets for the Bridge Nine oneshot and I managed to sneak in. Unfortunately my friend wasn't online and I forgot I could get an extra ticket for myself and transfer it later, so they missed on that.

Later, Riot put up some Riftbound demos and I managed to snag a 1v1 and 4p FFA slot for me and a friend, those ended up filling up real quick. Also nabbed a Sew a Witch Hat demo which sounded fun, and a few slots for First Exposure with friends. I ended up dropping the Unknown event entirely for scheduling purposes too, I did enjoy them in the past but I spent most of my first Gen Con playing Magic and this year I wanted to focus on the board games and RPGs that I couldn't get elsewhere

## Wednesday

We were supposed to get in at around 19:20, but ended up being delayed over an hour—first there was a broken seat delaying boarding, then there was a cloud that prevented us from taking off so we were just stuck on the plane for another hour, ended up landing around 20:40. Didn't manage to get a downtown hotel but we at least secured an airport hotel, so I called them up for a shuttle to drop off my bags before taking a Lyft down to the convention center to grab a program and some generics. Got to bed close to midnight since the customer service lines were longer than expected

## Thursday

## Friday

## Saturday

## Sunday
